Amplitude Extract source documentation (#961)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/extract/amplitude.mdx

---
title: "Amplitude"
description: Step-by-step guide to ingest data from Amplitude into RudderStack.
aliases: ["Amplitude source", "Amplitude Extract source"]
---

[Amplitude](https://amplitude.com/) is a comprehensive product analytics platform for the web as well as mobile platforms. It helps you get useful marketing insights that drive product strategy, customer conversion, and retention.

This document guides you in setting up Amplitude as a source in RudderStack. Once configured, RudderStack automatically ingests your Amplitude data and routes it to your specified data warehouse destination.

<div class="warningBlock">
All the Cloud Extract sources support sending data only to a <Link to="/destinations/warehouse-destinations/">data warehouse destination</Link>.
</div>

<GhBadge
  label={'Stability'}
  message={'Beta'}
  color={'blueviolet'}
/>

## Getting started

To set up Amplitude as a source in RudderStack, follow these steps:

1. Log into your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/).
2. Go to **Sources** > **New source** > **Cloud Extract** and select **Amplitude** from the list of sources.

> 3. Assign a name to your source and click on **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Assign a name to your source and click **Continue**.
```

- **Table prefix**: RudderStack uses this prefix to create a table in your data warehouse and loads all your Amplitude data into it.
- **Schedule Settings**: RudderStack gives you three options to ingest the data from Amplitude:
    - **Basic**: Runs the syncs at the specified time interval. 
    - **CRON**: Runs the syncs based on the user-defined CRON expression.
    - **Manual**: You are required to run the syncs manually.

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on the schedule types, refer to the <Link to="/sources/extract/common-settings/">Common Settings</Link> guide.
</div>

### Selecting the data to import

You can choose the Amplitude data you want to ingest by selecting the required resources:

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/amplitude-connection-settings-2.png" alt="Selecting the data to import" />

The below table mentions the syncs and [API endpoints](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/analytics/#api-references) supported by these resources from Amplitude to your warehouse destination:

| Resource | Full Refresh sync | Incremental sync | Primary key | Amplitude API endpoint |
| :---| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |

> | `events` |  Yes | Yes | `uuid` |  `export` |

Author: @a-rampalli please verify if all the fields in this table are correct, especially the Amplitude endpoints.
